Honestly, I hadn’t started life with a passion for computer science, especially software engineering. In fact I entered college as a history major, with a goal to take that degree into becoming a lawyer. But the thing is I wasn’t passionate about that goal. Sure I liked history, but I never was a good public speaker or debater. So right before classes started my second year of college, I switched majors to Computer Science. This decision was similar to how I picked history. I wasn’t really passionate about it, but I was decent with computers, I enjoyed video games, I loved puzzles, and so I figured why not try it out.

That first semester of CS classes solidified my decision and created a passion for something I only had a fleeting interest in previously. What led me to Software Engineering specifically was, as I stated previously, my enjoyment of video games. I’ve always enjoyed them, from Mario Kart on the Wii when I was little, to Valorant on my PC now that I’m older. When I took my ICS 111, and I started coding these small programs, it led me to start researching how the video games I enjoyed were developed, things like what languages they ran on, and that is where my interest in Software Engineering came from. I want to be able to create and be a part of projects like that, to create games that people will continue to enjoy for years.

As of writing this paper, I am in my third year of college and my second year of being a CS major. After all of that learning I can proudly say that I am just a junior, a novice to the world of Software Engineering. While I know my way around a couple of languages, and I can solve the problems given to me by my instructors if with a bit of difficulty, I feel like there is so much for me to still learn. As I continue in this career path, I want to experience working on bigger projects and especially doing that collaboratively. Most of what I have done so far has been individual works, and while I have done group projects before and been on many sports teams, I feel like it would be worthwhile to practice working with others codes. On top of that I hope to continue to grow my library of knowledge so that I have all the tools I need when it comes time to put them to the test.
